0. i want to see logs when i hit a api in intellij. btw did we do anything with minio?
in claimsense tab:
1. policy dropdown, options are not visible. only upon mouse-hover it is visible.
2. when i uploaded a bill and got results. i am not able to scroll down or do anything else to see the full response. i can only see half.
3. language change does not appear to be working when i uploaded a invalid doc, but when the doc is valid and then language is working.

in sidebar:
the recent analysis part that is just for show and does not actually have anything useful might as well be remvoed.
instead if it is possible, for the recent analysis part, put last 5 analysis done via both claimsense and medisummarize(not medichat). they should be read only and not editable, but i should be able to see what happend sometime back.
there is blank space in the left and right parts of the screen, can you make the it fit the window and maybe increase the side bar widths a bit.

in medisummarize:
the style seems a bit bland, might as well make it similar to medichat/claimsense.
once i upload a message, upload part is in left panel, summary part is in right panel.but questions i can ask after that is also in right panel which doesn't feel that good. make it so that the questions part comes in the entire bottom part and not just right bottom.
add a language support at the medisummarize tab as well.

in medichat:
the chat messages i sent are coming word by word in each sentence. its off. maybe a css border issue.
when i uploaded a bill, instead of doing claim it instead did the medical summarise for a pharmacy bill. 
and for the same pharmacy bill when i uploaded in chat directly, it did not even ask me which policy/insurance i have and instead went straight to summarize.
when i hit ratelimit error for the api, it seems to be froze. it should return a error response atleast.
when i upload the invalid doc, it seems to be different from how claim sense is handling it.
there is some unclear issue where file upload is sometimes failing, if it is because of i uploaded same file once again that mightnot be a issue
the messages i send are really coming vertically letter by letter(sometimes).what the heck is going on.( i think some center alignment issue is going on)
when i confirmed a insurance, it asked me for what policy tier i am using. i used one of the options given in the chat and it threw error(i could see in IntelliJ, that tier is not available for that insurance)
the questions seems a bit hardcoded, when i asked what is weather like, it said 'I'd be happy to answer that! Which insurance company are you with? (e.g. MediShield, Star Health, HDFC Ergo, Niva Bupa)'